Job Details
We are looking for an experienced Front-End Developer with strong background in JavaScript, React, Redux and other relevant front-end technologies. You will be responsible for the developing user interface for our business portal for internal and external users. Qualified candidates will be expected to have a working knowledge of HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, React, and a basic understanding of user interface and user experience (UI/UX) design. Your duties will include turning wireframes and mock-ups into reusable code and building high-quality UI components with scalability in mind.

Responsibilities:
Build web applications with web development best practices
Transform app designs into front-end code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript / React
Work with back-end developers to integrate UI components with APIs and databases
Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical requirements or UX design
Debug errors, troubleshoot issues, and perform routine performance optimizations
Write high-quality, scalable, and reusable code. Write unit tests and functional tests.

Technical Skills:
JavaScript, React, Redux
HTML5, CSS, Tailwind, Headless Components, Micro-FrontEnd
Jest, React test libraries, Playwright,
Responsive Design skills that support major browser types and mobile devices
API integration with Backend services
Experienced with build tools Grunt, Gulp, or Webpack.
Familiar with GitHub, GItHub Actions, JIRA
Employers have access to artificial intelligence language tools (“AI”) that help generate and enhance job descriptions and AI may have been used to create this description. The position description has been reviewed for accuracy and Dice believes it to correctly reflect the job opportunity.
Report this job
Dice Id: 10383289
Position Id: 8386962
Show Less
About Avenue Code, LLC
Go to company profile
We got our start delivering solutions for e-commerce. Pushed to evolve rapidly to keep up with consumer demands, the retail industry pioneered digital transformation, from cutting-edge methodologies and best-in-class tools and technologies to innovative practices for payment systems, delivery, and more.
Over the last several years, we’ve applied our expertise to serve clients in diverse industries, including automotive, finance, and healthcare. Consumer expectations are universally high when it comes to digital interaction with brands, but you don’t have to do it alone. Software innovation is a journey — let us guide you.
Show Full Company Info
Connect
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram